# The Red Union

!!! warning
    This page is still being reviewed and still has to be correctly formatted.

In the 17<sup>th</sup> Century the Red Union was created. Its exact origins remain shrouded in mystery for now.

In the beginning of the 20<sup>th</sup> Century the Red Union decided to go for a bold action. This was the Golden Age of the Red Union, their goal was to stay here forever, they wanted to plan ahead. Its smartest scientists determined that an underground shortage would arise within a few hundred years if the human race continued to expand much further. This would raise havoc and threaten the high position the state is in. 

The Red Union saw one option, one option so bold that no scientist proposed it. But the Union was also very militaristically minded, so, they decided to start a new plan, shrouded in secrecy, called: Operation Revolt. Its premise was simple: Send Vondal Loderr, who later became on of the highest officers of the USSR, to the surface. Then make him gather support for the Red Union's moral system, known to surface dwellers as 'communism', only to overthrow a government and start a powerful nation that would serve as a way to leach of the surface earth. This would give the Red Union a huge advantage over any other nation underground, as it would be completely immune from the imminent shortage. Not only that, but it would also give way for the first underground nation to start exploring space, which, the Red Union's committee determined would become on of the most vital places to expand to. The comittee determined Russia would be the best target, as their political and economic instability combined with their already communist minority and massive lands gave way for great potential.

There were only a few portals to go to the surface, all heavily guarded by an international instituion. But by using the most powerful of spells they managed to sneak Vondal Loderr up without being caught. He also underwent a new identity, as to blend in: 'Vladimir Lenin. With his incredible intellect he managed to quickly gather support and make the revolution happen against all odds. He became head of state. When the Red Union caught news of this, using magic to send short messages to one another, the Red Union and now Soviet Union cooperated to create a new portal between the Surface and Underground, that would serve the purpose of making the flow of goods accessible. Shortly before Lenin's unexpected death it was finished and proved a giant success. This area, called 'Gorodok' was built in the middle of Siberia to make sure its secrecy stayed, largely protected by the magic of the underground.

After Lenin's death he was replaced by Joseph Stalin, he was the second leader of the USSR, but he was the first human one. His regime was strong and outstanding, but due to his greed and irrational derriving from the nature of a human he caused irreversably damage that eventually lead to the inevitable collapse of the Soviet Union. However, despite the collapse, the portal isn't closed. The new regime of Russia is still aware of this portal, but due to their distaste for the rest of the world they keep it a secret. Although, the new government refuses to cooperate with the Red Union, leaving the portal unused.

Because of the collapse of the USSR, hopes and trust in the Red Union amongst the underground populus declined, as the resources stopped flowing in and a crisis hit. The government managed to stay afloat for another 30 years, but eventually collapsed as the inevitable underground shortage hit. The populus became so angry at the government because of these declines that they decided to overthrow it, not knowing the causes of the decline.
